Add a notice about an order of transactions (#371)
exonum/exonum-doc: src/advanced/node-management.md

- **precommits**: Array<Hash\>  
  List of hashes of the precommit messages supporting the block.
- **txs**: Array<TransactionInfo\>  

>   List of the transactions included into the block in order as its executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  List of the transactions included into the block. The transactions are arranged according to the order of their execution.
```
